hi duck reviews here I'm going to review
the black arcane deck the performance
coding version this is the newest one
available right now printed in Erlanger
Kentucky says illusionists on the bottom
alright now let's get into the cards
real quick the extra cards you get an ad
card and a double backer two jokers one
being a card revealed up a very subtle
one at that and the ace of spades looks
like this yeah that's what it looks like
very clean black and whatnot these cards
compared to the original UV 500 deck is
more detailed in terms of design here's
the back design you can see that adds a
lot of feathers and a bunch of crazy
things going down have no idea what's
going on the design does show in the
back design when you fan it but it's
really hard to see still but in person
it's easier to see the performance
coating fans really good
no pressure needed
yeah the fan equality is still up there
I don't think da fan as good as UV 500
duck but they still fan really nice the
stock is not bad at all
you could pressure pan it and abuse it
as much as you like and the cards will
still maintain its shape which is a good
thing the giant fans look very nice
still of course excellent Pharaoh
qualities going on here
26 by 26 got to slide one down to make a
giant fan giant fans look slightly
better than before because because of
the extra design let me get a giant fan
real quick
yeah dude they don't fan out get out the
UV 500 duck
I can't circle this one up but they do
fan great the Reds
feature darker Reds unusual blacks are
gray and the court cards are all smoked
out which is a very cool design element
where's my favorite card though here we
go
the jack of spades you can have your
opinion on them if you want all right so
let me quickly compare the boxes so you
know what they look like this is
obviously the performance coating one
you can see all the detail on scrollwork
this is UV 501 you can barely see
anything on the box here's the sides
again you could actually read it just
one says UV 500 airflow but it's really
dark and hard to see and on the bottom
corner over here the focus there's a
snake right there on here snake is
almost invisible and it's practically
not there let's compare the actual cards
now is what the back design looks like
on the UV 501 and here's the back design
to the performance one performance one
you can see more stuff and finally
there's one last difference deysa speeds
this is the ace of spades in the UV 500
it's really dark
let me grab the performance one real
quick and this is the performance one
it's a lot brighter main difference
really is the Fanning ability with the
performance one performance one just
fans better and clings together and I
also have the sticker stock
but the performance ones readily
available cheap and they look better
I'll omit the performance one does look
a lot better in giant fans they just
don't fan as good all right
that's my duck review hope you liked it
subscribe like whatever and thanks for
watching